
Your Decryption ID: D34DC0D3BADC0C0A

If you are reading this message, it means your system has been hacked.
Your files are inaccessible because the file structure has been changed to an unreadable format.
Also, We uploaded your important data to our servers, and if you don't contact us, your data will be laeked and uploaded on this website after two weeks and will be accessible to public:
Use the Tor browser to access this link,
http://pa32ymaeu62yo5th5mraikgw5fcvznnsiiwti42carjliarodltmqcqd.onion

So, we advise you to contact us RIGHT NOW at the following Email addresses in order to buy the decryption key:

Support.team@onionmail.org
Backup.team@cyberfear.com

( You Must Include Your Decryption ID in the Subject line of Your Email, Otherwise We WILL NOT ANSWER )

To get your files back and return your systems functionality, you need a decryption key and you must buy it from us. 
When you contact us, we will give the price of your decryption key, and after we receive your payment, we will send your key. 
By running it on your system, all of your data will be recovered and everything will be back to normal as if nothing had happened.

Before making the payment, you can send us two non important files of up to 3MB in any format,
we will decrypt it for free and return it to you as a guarantee. 

Important notices:

1) There are always middle men who claim to restore and decrypt your data, but in reality they buy the decryption key from us,
selling it to you for much more than what we asked for it, or they take your money and never buy the decryption key from us, 
causing you to lose your money, your data, and your time.
So you better contact us directly, we are the only ones that own the decryption key. 

2) This ransomware uses the most recent encryption technology to encrypt your data, making it impossible even for a quantum computer to decrypt it.
So don't believe any claims on YouTube or Internet that they can decrypt our ransomware. They are just liars who have no interest in you or your data and they damage your data so that it cannot be restored anymore.
They simply include our note into their own ransomware, giving you the illusion that they can decrypt your data.
Each ransomware has its own decryption key that cannot open encrypted data by other ransomware.

3) If you want the decryption procedure to be effective, DO NOT delete or modify the encrypted files,
it will cause issues with the decryption process.

4) We have no political aims; it is just a business. The only things that matter to us is money and our credit.
